hello greets them to give clinics 179 it and even though they did not ask me and I know
second part of my video of the monster hunter I tell it because then because I
comes out of the eggs xddddd of should this I'll talk about the other abnormal
let us begin
this is the fast and lion
This is the weakest of the four species because it only knows how to skip
over and give you bites has nothing special and above whenever you're
Fighting against the tee is attacking and he is suddenly with face
retarded and then it comes if you hit him a bit in all
whole mouth and you load it
this is the aplon gio
it's the same scum that only supports less and has the ability to throw you
an ice breath that gives you and you become a snowball
compact
this is the gendron this is also the same shit alone that his ability to
that when you attack can paralyze peperos is still a piece of shit
this is the last of the kind that you will find that achievement
this one again is the same shit and just change that throws poison that if you
dan does not last even five seconds in short the four are the same shit just
they change their skills and their aspects
Now let's talk about things that do not give so much pain
this is the jiam put q this is a bird that with those two ears so
great looks like a good satellite dish of this one there's not much to say
just know how to run where you are to step on what time you have to
take advantage because if you dodge it you can take advantage and
in the whole mouth but also knows how to throw fireballs there is no need
worry a lot because it throws them from anywhere but not far away
this is the following is the congal to the
this macaco tocapelotas only knows how to throw shit to fart if something remains laughter
is that when he kills you if you are near him he tries to kill you poor
you're just wasting the seconds of life that you have left because when
you finish a mission during the time that is left to return to the town you are
immortal
This is what you
what uncle is the one who touches me the most, since if you try to hit him
the legs to throw it to the ground the bastard crouches and starts to throw
electricity
around his body other than that he only knows how to shed electricity by the
cock sorry by the mouth and jump over you shaking the neck in short
although it's crap at least it's a
little came as an opponent because when he is angry he moves a
a little faster and there you can catch yourself off guard
good to follow this is the scream zeros of this one there is not much to say just knows
try to peck tea and throw yourself poison more potent than that of an achievement of
one also has the ability to play dead and then yes you
you think hotel fences to ask you what happened the very fagot gets up and
Then he puts a host that sends you flying well away from that
also has
in the head a thing in the form of a hammer that hits it with its beak
release a flash that leaves you stunned and any idiot who is in the middle
of the fight
this is the next Andalusian day
you do not have to be very smart to realize that it is a subspecies of yihan
couscous or what has a different color is smarter and has a tail
ending in
barbs style the one of the rat and before which I will speak later good I said makes a
moment that is more intelligent since it avoids the traps that you leave the
very bastard
Well now we talk about the ratia although depending on whether it is male or
female is different the female is the ratio in which it is green and the male is the
rat those that is red depending on which fights his way of attacking is
different the ratio in is based on going for the land and trying to tread tea part of
that also gives somersault stretched and kung fu to poison tea with the barbs
of the tail also knows how to throw balls of fire but does not have much aim
the rat attacks them in a different way also tries to step on pepero
the bastard if you're giving him his cock in the face makes you the grace to
retreat back leaving a fireball in the face the very fagot
It is also harder to kill than the rating since it almost does not go through the
floor prefers to get to fly to bomb tea with fireballs
well that's all because it does not come out of the eggs to talk about the others besides
there's already video I tell you about monster hunter who talk about it
if you liked the video you can let them kuester and leave comments good
I say goodbye goodbye